Okay. Hi guys. In this video, I want to
create a video like this using
the LTX video
using this Chrome. Okay, first thing
first. Let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the gam UI
and go to templates and search for LTX
video.
Okay,
in this video only use this one, LTX
video text to video. Let's test it out.
Okay, to test this model we have to
download those two files text encoders
and chip points L5X
and LT speed. Okay, to download you can
download like that
or I prefer to use the EDM.
Copy the link
and add URL and download. I already
download those two files. After
downloading those two files,
open the campi portable
the folder
this folder. After opening this folder,
go confus.
Okay, let's open
another one. Okay, text encoders.
Let's go to download this. Okay, for the
text encoder, let's open it right here.
After that, we can paste this one. T5 AC
cell.
Let's return it from what is open
checkpoints and manif.
Okay, let's go. I think it's fine.
the page
and let's see what's happening right
here. Okay, the model is is good.
Okay, fine.
I want to set to five or 8 seconds
right here. Okay, all is fine. Let's run
it and let's see how many ties is make.
Okay. To create uh this video 6 seconds
video it takes around uh one to three uh
minutes.